lighting kit from Pep Boys
might look through it and see if there's
something I'm gonna use out of it
30 bucks
pilot main China but this will get rid
of the rust issue I have with those old
lights and these are 100 watts or my
other ones were 55 so better light I
think it'll look good on the bulbar of
course I'll have to get new covers but
anyway that's going to be the the next
thing to go on the truck probably put
them on well I'll put them on right
after I get the oil cooler back on it
installation should be pretty easy so I
just have to gather scopes cups I'll
have to look through there and find out
what I want to use but installation
should be pretty easy as I've already
got all the wires running the harnesses
have those those in and probably a half
hour